**Release of Bgee version 15.2**

In this release, we have added hundreds of single-cell 10X Genomics libraries, curated, standardized, and processed.
You can retrieve them from our [raw data interface](/search/raw-data?pageType=raw_data_annots&data_type=SC_RNA_SEQ).

We have also added about 14,000 bulk RNA-Seq libraries in order to allow for more meaningful gene expression comparisons
across species. We targeted specific organs and species for which comparisons were not yet possible.

Of note, these new data are not yet fully integrated in our tools, such as TopAnat, and gene expression pages.
Thanks to this new functionality of partial update, we are now able to respond quickly to needs
for curation and standardization of new datasets, while keeping the full integration in our tools and gene expression pages
for the following release.

We have curated all data using bulk RNA-Seq that we have identified in *salmo salar* (Atlantic salmon). We also provide
in this species a new information of "physiological status", to provide information about the smoltification status
of individuals, especially relevant for this species.
These new data have been fully integrated in all our tools and gene expression pages, as opposed to the new data added
in other species (see point above).

We also provide new information for annotated samples in this release: you can now retrieve,
along the standardized ontology terms to capture information about anatomy, cell type, developmental and life stage,
the free text information provided by authors. This is especially useful for single-cell RNA-Seq data,
where the ontologies are not always able to capture the diversity of cell types identified in such experiments.
