** Release of Bgee version 15.1 **

This release rolls out the integration in Bgee of droplet-based single-cell RNA-Seq data (e.g., 10x Genomics data),
after the integration of full-length single-cell data in the previous release (e.g., Smart-Seq data).

We have focused on updating *Drophila melanogaster* data, with the integration
of the Fly Cell Atlas (FCA), and 3 other single-cell experiments. This release will enable us
to integrate many more droplet-based data for any species in Bgee in future updates.

As with all other data in Bgee, we have reannotated and integrated single-cell data to make them comparable 
between other species and datasets:

* For instance, while the Fly Cell Atlas has been originally annotated
with fly-specific vocabularies (i.e., FBbt ontology), Bgee reconnects these data
to species-neutral terms (i.e., from Uberon and CL ontologies) to enhance comparisons between species,
while still conserving precise fly-specific terms when necessary.
* Droplet-based data are fully integrated in our expression calls and expression scores as any other data type.
See for instance the [expression calls for the fly gene *eya*](/gene/FBgn0000320/) ("Developmental protein eyes absent"),
where expression in, e.g., "visual pigment cell" from single cell data, is integrated along with expression in,
e.g., "visual primordium" from in situ hybridization data.
To do so, we use a pseudobulk approach per cell type and library to have enough signal
to reliably characterize gene expression in cell populations.
* You can in any case obtain annotations and gene read counts per each cell in H5AD format for droplet-based experiments,
see for instance the [experiment page dedicated to the Fly Cell Atlas](/experiment/ERP129698), button "Download all assays".
For full length experiments (e.g., Smart-Seq data), we still provide this information in TSV format, where each file contains
the data for one cell, see for instance this [Smart-Seq experiment in human](/experiment/SRP050499).

You can browse all experiments annotated and integrated in Bgee on our [raw data search page](/search/raw-data),
notably, [scRNA-Seq experiments](/search/raw-data?data_type=SC_RNA_SEQ).
